“A little progress each day adds up to big results.” — Satya Nani
“Striving for success without hard work is like trying to harvest when you haven’t planted.” — David Bly
“Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.” — Arthur Ashe
“Our greatest weakness lies in giving up. The most certain way to succeed is always to try just one more time.” — Thomas Edison
“Education is the passport to the future, for tomorrow belongs to those who prepare for it today.” — Malcolm X
“Just believe in yourself. Even if you don’t, pretend that you do, and, at some point, you will.” — Venus Williams
“Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will.” — Suzy Kassem
“When one door closes, another opens; but we often look so long and so regretfully upon the closed door that we do not see the one which has opened for us.” — Alexander Graham Bell
“You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great.” — Zig Ziglar
“The greatest pleasure in life is doing what people say you cannot do.” — Walter Bagehot
“Take it all one day at a time and enjoy the journey.” — Kristi Barlett
“Success is the sum of small efforts repeated day-in and day-out.” — Robert Collier
“It always seems impossible until it’s done.” — Nelson Mandela
“Great things are done by a series of small things brought together.” — Vincent van Gogh
“It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort.” — Jillian Michaels
“Every year, many, many stupid people graduate from college. And if they can do it, so can you.” — John Green
“Every expert was once a beginner.” — Helen Hayes
“Seventy percent of life is just showing up.” — Woody Allen
“Talent is cheaper than table salt. What separates the talented individual from the successful one is a lot of hard work.” — Stephen King
“An investment in knowledge always pays the best interest.” — Benjamin Franklin
“I’ve failed over and over and over and over again in my life. And that is why I succeed.” — Michael Jordan
“Failure is the opportunity to begin again more intelligently.” — Henry Ford
“Success is not final; failure is not fatal. It is the courage to continue that counts.” — Winston Churchill
“There is no secret to success. It is the result of preparation, hard work, and learning from failure.” — General Colin Powell
“A person who never made a mistake never tried anything new.” — Albert Einstein
“Your talents and abilities will improve over time, but for that, you have to start.” — Martin Luther King Jr.
“Skill is only developed by hours and hours of work.” — Usain Bolt
“Take control of your life. The instant you take control, interesting things will come to you.” — Douglas Adams
“Opportunity is missed by most people because it is dressed in overalls and looks like work.” — Thomas Edison
“Strive for progress, not perfection.” — Unknown
“Discipline is the bridge between goals and accomplishment.” — Jim Rohn
“Focus on being productive instead of busy.” — Tim Ferriss
“The successful warrior is the average person with laser-like focus.” — Bruce Lee
“You don’t find willpower, you create it.” — Unknown
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it.” — Henry David Thoreau
“It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop.” — Confucius
“Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying, ‘I will try again tomorrow.’” — Mary Anne Radmacher
“Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny.” — C.S. Lewis
“You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream.” — Les Brown
“Fall seven times, stand up eight.” — Japanese Proverb
“Only put off until tomorrow what you are willing to die having left undone.” — Pablo Picasso
“Procrastination is the art of keeping up with yesterday.” — Don Marquis
“You may delay, but time will not.” — Benjamin Franklin
“The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing.” — Walt Disney
“Dream big, but start small. The smallest step in the right direction can end up being the biggest step of your life.” — Unknown
“The future depends on what you do today.” — Mahatma Gandhi
“Success is not the key to happiness. Happiness is the key to success. If you love what you are doing, you will be successful.” — Albert Schweitzer
“Your time is limited, so don’t waste it living someone else’s life.” — Steve Jobs
“Do what you can, with what you have, where you are.” — Theodore Roosevelt
“Believe you can and you’re halfway there.” — Theodore Roosevelt
